## Coils production

The purpose of this step is to construct the power unit coils and capactors.

### Ingredients
* Bare copper wire (about 1kg) gauge 14 (1.5 - 1.6mm dia)
* Pliers and sidecutters
* Electric hand drill - optional
* 5mm dia mandrel
* 9mm dia mandrel
* Materials for nanocaoting
* GANS mix (CuO2, CO2)

### Process
* Make coil winding device
* Coils
* Coil Winding
* Capacitors
* Nano-coating


#### Make coil winding device
The simplist method is to use rod approx 200mm in length and hand wind the copper onto it.

Alternately attach a rod to a electric hand drill and guide the copper onto the rod by hand.

Alternately you can construct a device that does it all for you - instructions not included.


#### Coils

The purpose of the coils is to produce plasma. The strength of which is determined by your GANS type and coil configuration/construction.

Terminate ALL wires by turning it back onto itself.  From a plasma point of view, when you donot do this, its like leaving the tap open and thus drains out.

A single coil set consists of a Gravitic (inner) coil and a Magnetic coil (outer).  Each one also has a second smaller coil inside of it, making a total of 4 coils.

Also you will need 3 sets of the above, making a total of 12 individual coils.

Qty | Set | Type | Rod OD (mm)| Turns | Coil Length (mm) | Stretched Coil Length (mm) | Length of wire (m)
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
3 | Outer | Gravitic | 9 | 126 | 189 | 252 | 3.5
3 | Outer | Magnetic | 5 | 126 | 189 | 252 | 2.5
3 | Inner | Gravitic | 9 | 81 | 122 | 173 | 2.5
3 | Inner | Magnetic | 5 | 81 | 122 | 173 | 1.5

* OD = Outer diamter
* Turns = number of times to wind the copper wire around the rod
* Coil length = the length of the coil tightly wound on the rod
* Stretched Coil Length = length of coil wound on the rod including a small gap in between each turn
* Length of Wire = is approximate amount of copper wire needed for this coil (in metres)

> NOTE:  It is recommended that the inner coil sits comfortably inside the outer coil with the outer edge of the inner coil just touching the inside edge of the outer coil.  You could try a Turns ratio of 144:90 (instead of my 126:81) since 144/90 = 1.6 exactly (the golden ratio).

You will need at least 100mm of wire at both ends of the coils for connecting, except for the magnetic coils where you need 100mm at one end and 300mm at the other - see blueprints for explaination.

#### Coil Winding

The most important point to remember is that the direction of the coil winding should be consistant throughtout all coils, capacitors and connections.

The recommended direction is counter clockwise.  Hold coil so that the length of it runs away from you (look down the tube) then follow the direction of the wire starting at the nearest end to you.  The wire should flow away from you in an anti-clockwise direction as you follow the coiled wire.  Doesn't matter what end you look at - it will run the same way - go ahead, try it.

How you get the wire to do that will depend entirely on what kind of rig you have setup to create the coils - experiment with your setup and figure it out.


#### Capacitors
The purpose of the capacitors is two fold: To store plasma energy for reuse by your unit; and to provide a plasma feedback for your unit.  The purpose of feedback is to allow part of the plasma generated by the unit to be used to perpetuate the flow.   

Qty | Type | Rod OD (mm)| Turns primary | Turns feedback
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---
4 | Gravitic | 5 | 18 | 9
4 | Magnetic | n/a | straight | n/a

* Outer Magnetical
  - outside coil to convey energy to the postive termal 
* Outer plasma feedback
  - outside coil to push plasma back on itself
* inner (gravitaional) receives energy from the negative terminal
  - composed (in order from inside to out) of: 1. copper wire, 2. plastice insulation, 3. baking paper coated with aluminium GANS. 

> Note: Adding a nano-coated aluminium foil around the paper layer of the gravitanional part turns your capacitor into a plasma battery

#### Nano-coating

The recommended method of nano-coating for coils is with a butane/propane hand torch.  Note: industrial grade acetalene torches are too hot. 

Caustic nano-coating will work just fine. However to firmly affix the coating: after drying - store the coils in the container (it was made in, and liquid removed) with the lid firmly on.  Store for at least 5 days before use.

#### Summary

May the plasma be with you.
